Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Ivon Man
with Annabelle Jewelers. Our top
stories, Asian stocks and US futures
under pressure after President Trump's
threat of a 30% tariff rate for the
European Union and Mexico. Bond traders
casting doubt on a September Fed cut
ahead of key US inflation figures. US
Secretary of State Marco Rubio says a
Trump summit is now likely after what he
calls a constructive meeting with
China's Wangi in Malaysia. And June
trade numbers out soon may show an
uptick in Chinese exports thanks to the
tariff truce with Washington.
[Music]
Well, happy Monday. There is certainly a
lot for investors to be tracking this
morning as we go online. I mean, first
and foremost, you had President Trump
over the weekend outlining further
tariffs of that 30% risk now for Mexico
and also the EU. The question of course
is is does he really follow follow
through on this? And we've got investors
that are saying don't expect him to back
out necessarily because that really has
been sort of the trading sentiment that
investors have sort of seen those
initial headlines crossing a bit of
initial reaction but ultimately looking
past it. But today in the session,
you've got the broader gauge that's flat
and you're also seeing trading volumes
looking fairly thin right now. What has
also been interesting those dynamics
we're seeing around gold here. You can
see rising up 6/10 of 1%. It's not just
around trade. You've also got US
inflation figures out later this week
going to be really key for the direction
that the Fed takes from here and also
just that continued pressure that we see
on JPAL from Trump to cut rates. You're
seeing gold here really big. But let's
take a look also what we're expecting
ahead of the Chinese session this
morning because it's a very very heavy
data dump uh to start the week. So
tomorrow we've got GDP activity numbers
that are due. We're in the window now
for the credit data as well. But also
later today we're going to have those
trade figures coming out and as I said
we could actually see a bit of an uptick
in exports given you had that 90-day
trade truce that was signed back in
Geneva. But here you're seeing equities
a little bit under pressure. What's also
something to track is is just what sort
of policy response we get around this
so-called anti-involution trend. If you
take a look at Google searches for
instance, you can see that they've
really been picking up here in that
expectation. If you take a look at this
terminal chart, how Beijing is going to
tackle excessive competition amongst not
only the public but also the private
sector. It's one of the reasons you've
seen onshore stocks outperforming their
Hong Kong peers of late. this
expectation as I said you will see some
sort of policy response investors have
been a little bit reluctant to invest in
mainland stocks just given those those
excessive competition pressures
>> yeah we certainly have seen that in
multiple sectors EVs uh you know when it
comes to food delivery for example this
whole kind of anti-involution this nin
it's becoming really quite a buzzword
across markets as well in terms of your
agenda here today it's Albani the prime
minister of Australia that's in China
expected to see how he's going to shore
up the ties there with Beijing. There's
also a meeting of SEOs there uh to take
a look at there, foreign ministers
meeting that China is going to be
hosting as well. There's a PBOC briefing
talking about the first half financial
data later on this afternoon. Bel
mentioned the June trade data as well.
And of course, we're still in that
window for credit data out of China as
well. Just ahead, of course, of that
data dump tomorrow. Right. Let's get to
our top story now.
>> Yeah. President Trump uh we had him
addressing reporters early this morning
but essentially saying that the European
Union rather is talking to the US on
trade that comes after he unleashed his
latest tariff ultimatums threatening a
30% tariff rate for the block and also
Mexico from August 1st if they can't
negotiate better terms.
>> So the European Union is talking to us.
They want to open up their country. Uh,
I would say Japan to a much lesser
extent in terms of opening up their
country. South Korea wants to make a
deal other than tariffs. Right now, as
you know, they're paying a substantial
tariff, but they want to make a
difference. So, some of these deals,
maybe I'll change them and maybe I
won't.
>> Let's bring in our chief North Asia
correspondent, Steven Angel. And you
just heard there from President Trump
saying that the US and the EU are
talking, but we also know the EU is
talking with other nations and they're
looking at ways that they can counter
this risk as well.
>> I think the key was at the end of that
sound bite when he says maybe I'll
change them, maybe I won't, right? And
that's what the market is has kind of
latched on to as well. uh you know his I
I wouldn't say flip-flopping but it's uh
back and forth obviously on whether
deals are going to be made soon or are
we close to the finish line and then
something else pops up and that is
definitely the case with the EU where
they were not initially uh given this
letter uh as other nations were and they
were initially given a 20% tariff uh and
then the progress in negotiations didn't
really go that far and that frustrated
Trump he threatened 50% now they've come
back to a 30% % we don't know where
we're going to end up, right? If there's
negotiations that are going on in good
faith, there's a lot of issues uh with
agricultural products. There's issues
with automobiles. Uh still a long way to
go, but you're absolutely right, Bill.
Uh the European Union is starting to
engage in, you know, with more earnest
uh in earnest uh with like Japan, with
Canada, and others as a mitigating
factor. They're also suspending until
that August 1st deadline uh the the
contingency the counter measures uh that
they have been put in place that were
supposed to go snap back into place
tomorrow on Tuesday. They're also lining
up another package potentially to put
forward to EU members uh that is double
or triple the size as well of counter
measures. So Europe is is playing both
sides. They're trying to get a deal done
with the Europe, with the United States,
while at the same time kind of
protecting themselves going forward.
There's only 19 days until August 1st.
That's three full business weeks, not
including the weekends. That will go by
so quickly to August 1st. Mexico, I want
to get to them really quickly because
they're the other ones that got that 30%
uh tariff. There's confidence coming
from Mexico City that a deal can be
done. Donald Trump in his letter to
President Shinbomb did indicate that
there's been progress on the fentanel
and the border issues but not enough. So
we'll have to see if there can be a deal
uh in the next 19 days.
>> Okay, that that's the latest. He
mentioned South Korea that they they're
close to some sort of deal. We also have
India to deal with as well. What
progress has been made on those two
fronts?
>> There there's confidence that a deal an
interim deal with India can be struck
but we heard this as well that they were
close to a deal. Donald Trump had said
that that they were close to a deal.
Then there was the brick summit in
Brazil. Uh they came out with some
policies that Trump did not like uh
whether it was with the attacks in Thran
or the unilateral quote unquote uh
nature of his tariff regime and trade
negotiations. Uh so he's added that 10%
threat onto any members of the brick
nations that align with those policies
that came out of that weekend summit the
weekend before last. So again, there's a
lot of uncertainty with India. There's
genetically modified crops, American
crops that the Indians do not want to
take in. There's issues with
automobiles. There's issues with steel.
All kinds of issues. So again, I'm going
to put that in let's wait and see
category. Uh South Korea, the trade
negotiator yo just came back from
Washington. He's back in Seoul. Uh
there's confidence that again a deal can
be reached. Donald Trump said in the
soundbite, the South Koreans definitely
want to get a deal done, but again
there's been fits and starts here. This
is what the trade minister yo had to
say. We are focused on swiftly reaching
a landing zone. His words there now is
trust built to accelerate negotiations.
We have entered a critical phase. We'll
have to see again that also is in the
wait and see category.
>> All right, Steve. Thank you. Stephen
Engel there, our chief correspondent
with the latest. Uh meanwhile, of
course, as you wrap up that Azion summit
in KL, the US Secretary of State Marco
Rubio says a summit between presidents
Trump and she is likely after the top
diplomats from the two countries met in
Malaysia. The odds are high. I think
both sides want to see it happen.
Obviously, we have to build uh the right
atmosphere and the right deliverables so
that a visit isn't just a visit, but it
actually has some takeaways from it that
are concrete, but there's a strong
desire on both sides to do it. The
president wants to do it. Uh the Chinese
side wants to see it happen. President G
said that publicly. So I think the odds
are high. I don't have a date for you,
but I think it's coming. It'll happen.
>> For more, let's bring in our China
correspondent Mimman Low on, you know,
so it looks like there might be a summit
or maybe not. What else came out of this
this discussion?
>> Well, actually, we didn't get a lot of
substance from that discussion so far,
at least from the official readouts.
Chinese the Chinese readout basically
said that the meeting was constructive
and pragmatic that both sides agreed to
strengthen communication at all levels
to manage their differences and to
deepen cooperation. And there you heard
Marco Rubio saying that we could see a C
Trump summit sometime but he refused to
put a date on it. He says that there
should be you know they should be
building towards the right atmosphere
and it does look like the atmosphere is
becoming a little bit more right because
at least the two men sat down and speak
to each other face to face for the first
time. This is the highest level meeting
between uh China and the US since Trump
came into power. Um and of course there
are a lot of you know other sticking
points including trade issues but Marco
Rubio isn't really someone who has a lot
of power when it comes to deciding on
trade issues. Howard Lang, Scott Besson
have said they will be meeting with
their Chinese counterparts in the coming
weeks. Um but yes so the it looks like
at least there is some stabilization of
ties as both sides you know have been
showing some signals of dialing back
some of the export controls especially
when it comes to things like the flow of
rare earths jet engines and the like.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. And that sort of reproshma that we
saw starting in Geneva early this year
actually could end up showing up in the
trade figures that are due later today.
>> Yes. So the forecast for June's trade
figures is 5% which is slightly better
than the previous months 4.8%. Bloomberg
economics is a little bit more
optimistic looking at over 6% growth in
exports this year and as you said
already we are seeing the high frequency
data of trade showing a rebound in
exports starting from late May onwards
because of that trade truths and you
look at the chart there imports expected
to be 0.3% that's the first positive
print since February of of this year and
a part of it is not just the trade truce
it's also this global recovery in the
economy as well if you look at the PMI
data for US and Euro zone we are seeing
contraction at a milder pace you Look at
Japan's PMI that was in expansion for
the first time in about a year. South
Korea's exports was pretty strong as
well in June and that's always a bell
weather for Asian trade as well. Um
we're expecting to get the GDP data
tomorrow and that that's expected to
come in at 5.1% in the second quarter.
Slower than the first quarter but
overall it brings the first half growth
to about 5.3 which is comfortably above
that growth target of 5% which means
that you know authorities may not feel
that it's so urgent to roll out more
stimulus in the near future. Yeah,
certainly maybe eases that pressure for
further stimulus. But that's our China
correspondent Vimman Lo there. And we're
actually going to dig into the details
next. Again, more on the trade dump
that's due or the trade figures that are
due, plus GDP, credit, activity numbers.
Society General is joining us with their
outlook on the Chinese economy. We'll
have more on that just ahead. You're
watching the China Show and this is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
You're watching the China show and
taking a look at what to watch this week
and and really I think there's sort of
two key events that investors can look
out for. Firstly, you have the inflation
readings that are due in the US uh
midweek and that's going to be really
key for understanding what does this
mean for the direction of the Fed? What
does it mean for the direction for risk
sentiment in the second half of this
year? So, I mean, we hadn't had
expectations around September Fed rate
cut, but is that even going to be priced
out and will investors be pushing back
their their expectations or their hopes
for the easing cycle? But as I said, uh,
due Tuesday, reaction for us in Asia on
Wednesday. But of course, it's that big
focus as well on the Chinese, uh, eco
figures. Not only do you have trade
that's due out shortly, but you've also
got GDP activity. We're in the window
for credit as well.
>> Yeah, it's going to tell us how things
are doing in this 90-day trade truce
period, obviously. But then there's a
lot of questions on just how sustainable
this data is going to be, right? It's
been holding up of late, but what does
it mean for the back half of this year?
Joining us now is we Yao, head of
research and chief APEC economist at SoC
General. You've been talking about right
the impact from frontloading consumer
subsidies that's holding up the data so
far. How are you assessing what's going
to look what things are going to look
like in the second half?
>> Well, the second half will be a much
bigger challenge obviously right
actually not just for China but for Asia
that we all know tariff or not the
exports to the US going to fall off a
cliff at some point, right? So then
talking about the domestic policy yes
there is there are cons consumer
subsidies but we all know this is
actually small piece and uh you know
it's not really big enough in terms of
you know offset this extra deflationary
shock to the economy from the trade war
and we already seeing the housing
sentiment weaken again. So all these are
very ominous sign that the the
government have has to step up at some
point. The challenge is always when
exactly right sometimes it seems they're
patient. Sometimes it's like the data is
getting getting worse the deflation data
you know the housing data. So yeah we I
think it's inevitable that they will do
something. The timing is tricky.
>> Yeah. What would they do though because
I think as well to your point that
there's obviously a transmission effect
here and it's difficult to know when
exactly to step in. that you take a look
at for instance GDP figures which are
backward-looking but they could come in
stronger than expected. Well, they could
I think uh the government the the the
Chinese government also must understand
this point about the front loading,
right? I mean, this is obvious to the
whole world
>> and I think they can also see that the
housing is really not doing well. At the
beginning of year, the first tier cities
are bouncing back, but now everything's
coming off again. So um so I think you
know in terms of what they can do right
stabilizing housing still I think the
most important thing for stabilizing the
entire domestic demand and the
consumption. So there they need to step
up probably on the detocking projects
one of those. So if the social rental
program is too hard to do, what about
the cash handouts? This is something
they did in the past. It was successful
maybe too much several years ago, but
they can do it again. And you know, so
these are the options they already
pretty much already on the table. It's a
matter of, you know, pushing through
with stronger willingness and spots
support.
>> Yeah, we've seen some speculation in the
markets that we're expecting some sort
of house, you know, house housing market
sort of stimulus here. You're saying
then it has to be beyond demand side
sort of measures here.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> is it going to be more incremental do
you think? I mean is it going to be more
large scale? I mean what do you think
needs to be really needed now?
>> Well we all wish and we all think that
it should be large scale. I think
there's no disagreement you know among
you know the the the private sector side
because
>> we all know that how weak the sector is
right
>> the the only thing though is that the
Chinese government is always coming from
a place that there are a lot of
structural issues in the system
>> and if we're talking about structural
issues and there there is no quick
solution that's their where they come
from right so I think the risk is that
they still too slow and too incremental
but it only increase the chance that
something bigger and something less
incremental have to come at a later
point. Right? For me is like next six
months uh there is a downside risk to
the deflation and China problem. But if
we look at next two years I think a lot
of the policy we expect even including
you know supply side policy that will
come.
>> How does that also stack up against the
other policy focus for China which is
the anti-involution trend and and
cracking down on that excessive price
competition. Right. So this is all all
the part of you know this bigger picture
that there is definitely clear awareness
as in the imbalance in the supply demand
policy is hurting them now right the
production support or the industrial
policy is successful to a point now if
we look at the long term how can China
continue to rely on exports this is just
logically wrong right for such a big
economy so they know they're wrong they
they know this is very toxic, right? If
companies cannot make money, then also
how can you uh innovate, right? What
what money do you have to innovate? Um
the only problem though is that the
pressure is not yet high enough for them
to do concrete and material things. I'm
slightly more optimistic than some of
the others that I do think China can do
it. I do think we will see a supply side
consolidation, industrial consolidation
with quite a few sectors in the coming
two years. I I do think it will happen.
But the last hurdle always always is the
local governments, right? They want to
protect the local companies. They want
to protect jobs probably even more so
now given how how weak everything is. Uh
so you you do need the central
government becoming tougher and tougher
and tougher eventually overruling the
local governments here
>> and China gone through this in the 15
2015 16. I I do think they would do it
again. Yeah. Is it a bit more
challenging this time around because it
seems like all the excess capacity, all
the price competition that we're seeing
is in the private sector.
>> Yes, that is uh more challenging
definitely. Uh so uh but some of the
root cause is similar is the the the
extreme of the industrial policy, right?
So if we were talking about private
sector, yes, EV companies are private
sector. Solars, they are don't don't
forget that solar sector actually gone
through a sector consolidation, you
know, a decade ago. Huh. So that's what
I mean. you know they could do it
>> but these are also the result of the
industrial competition right but if
we're talking about other consumer goods
these are because of the weak demand
right so there are two problems here but
I think you know for some of the sectors
you know it's still the government uh
action that will make a difference in
the
>> you mentioned that that sort of
reluctance on on local governments as
well and that concerned around the jobs
picture what happens though if you do
have that sustained crackdown on
anti-involution and you see that pick up
in unemployment and then that also feeds
back into domestic consumption as well.
>> Yes. So when we think about China
policy, it's actually not cutting
something just cutting cutting let's say
the support to the industrial side.
We're talking about relocation of
resources, right? So this is the whole
picture. This is the the two sides of
the same coin. Because they did too much
for the supply, they didn't offer enough
for the demand. So if they can rechan
some of the resource, that would balance
things out. Yes, in the short term it
could still get bit worse. I I think
that's possible, but that is the
necessary step.
>> Um I want to get your take overall on
just why we see markets continuing to
sort of ignore maybe some of the
domestic side of things, but also even
just the external threats of tariffs,
>> right?
>> What do you think is supporting risk
assets here right now? Is it really the
possibility that the Fed, you know, at
the end of the day, they're going to
cut, but even that possibility seems to
be being dialed back now.
>> I think cut Fed cuts are just still a
matter of time, right? I understand
there's all these very complicated
situation with uh you know power well's
future. Uh however you know when we
think about the tariff war one thing I
think the market probably is taking big
relief is you know the US China trade
talks seems to be okay right
>> I think the logic is a very important
one for the whole market is that we know
that the US and China these two
countries are too big too important for
each other they cannot live without each
other even if they want to let's say go
for a divorce in the long run we need to
manage it right there needs to be some
pacing of the decoupling process. So
there is this understanding now we can
see and so this kind of set the
foundation that one it will not get too
bad in this relationship which is
already quite something and second it
also shows that the US administration
definitely have some pain thresholds
right the but you could say you know
it's it's a kind of a catch 22 is that
the market's not panicking then it may
embolden Trump administration to do
something or but our view is that you
know we already know enough about the
tariff framework work you know 10% is
the minimum China is the ceiling China
plus one trans shipping is in the middle
right
>> then what about EU okay there is a
question mark but we all know that any
EU is also very big economic block very
important for the for the US economy it
cannot get too worse
>> yeah we thanks so much for joining us
that was way yao there head of research
and chief economist for APAC at sociote
general and just taking a look at how
markets are trading this morning we're a
little bit under pressure but as as we
were saying there is that big Taco, not
taco. How much do we already know of the
contours of of different trade
agreements that could take place? But
certainly this threat from President
Trump to put 30% duties on the EU and
also Mexico is weighing on sentiment.
You want reference rate at the bottom of
your screen. We'll have more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Just under five minutes away from the
open of mainland and Hong Kong markets
this morning. Taking a look at the
pre-market session here and you can see
we're setting up a little bit under
pressure so far today. Yuan reference
rate has been another stronger fix. So
coming in at 71491
the estimate had been for 71772
but certainly of course the direction of
where the yuan goes is going to be very
much dependent on what the dollar does
but also the trade talks.
>> And we've actually bounced off some of
the July lows uh for the dollar already.
So is this a sign that maybe things are
being, you know, looking better for the
dollar? Are we starting to price out the
possibilities Fed cuts that certainly is
a key question for the market here right
now? To the stocks to watch, watching
Zing Mining, those earnings that came
out here looked pretty good. The stock
is up some 1% right now, but that first
half net income was about 10% uh up from
year to date or year year to year I
should say. Also, the likes of Bloomberg
Intelligence is saying some of these
Chinese smelters might actually benefit
from that 50% US tariff on copper
imports as well. We got plenty more to
come. The open is next. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show this morning and we're counting
down to the open of mainland Hong Kong
markets. We're setting up for a day a
little bit in the red, but I think it's
going to be really interesting just to
watch trading volumes as well because
you can expect those to be fairly thin,
kind of mirroring what we're seeing in
the Asian session so far with these
Trump tariff headlines in focus, but
also just because we're awaiting so much
key data from China. You've got trade
figures out later this morning, GDP
activity, window for credit. I mean,
we've got a lot to watch for.
>> Yeah. Yeah, and it's interesting when
you're talking about how markets are
doing in China. I mean, you're starting
to see actually the Asia market come
back and catch up to the Asshare market
in some ways. There's a lot of bets
about what policy is going to be looking
like there. Obviously speculation about
the property sector as well. This whole
supply side reform and how that could
actually help equities in some ways as
well. But yes, the whole brushing aside
of tariffs sort of narrative that
doesn't seem to be really happening here
today. You're seeing slight pressure to
equities there. But onshore, we're doing
okay. We're up about a fifth of 1% at
the open in Shanghai here right now.
We're watching very closely what you
know this all means when it likes to you
know copper iron ore Shanghai crude not
doing too much here when it comes to
copper but Shanghai crude is up about 2%
here this morning. Uh but yes the whole
fresh threat about 30% tariffs on the
likes of Mexico and the EU that seems to
be sort of the big sort of headwind here
today to contend with. Uh you take a
look at how Hong Kong's doing and it
seems like right now you know Hong
Kong's doing this right. So obviously
there's been a lot of talk about what
what sort of poverty stimulus we might
actually see. Uh the property sector was
sort of a big standout last week. That
seems to be kind of coming coming off
that a little bit here today. We'll see.
But Hansen property still doing okay. Uh
that's more of the Hong Kong side of
things though. Um but yes, we're
watching very closely HS Tech that's
down about a tenth of 1%. H shares are
catching a slight bit here this morning.
So Hong Kong doing slightly better than
the rest of this region here today.
Although the Cosby, as we've been
talking about, has been a standout.
Goldman Sachs just upgraded their view
on on on Korea as well, just given
corporate governance reform and the like
there. JP Morgan is also talking about
that index could what rise to about
5,000 in about two years I believe. So
certainly there's a lot of optimism
around Korea here this morning as well.
Uh isn't it's pretty slow in terms of
you know newswise but you know you take
a look at how these tech players are
doing. Alibaba mtoan those are still
kind of the big bottlenecks there. Bu is
down some close to 3%. So uh you know
obviously food competition food price
wars and all the like food delivery I
should say still seems to be one of the
things that's an overhang on some of
these stocks in particular today. Dig
Mining, that's the one to watch here.
So, obviously there's been a lot talk
about the earning side of things and how
things are looking pretty good there.
Dig mining is up some 2% on that stock.
So, prelim first half net income came in
around 23 billion remmbb. Uh that is
sort of a 10% gain from a year ago. And
certainly, you know, you take a look at
how these copper tariffs are going. You
know, Bloomberg Intelligence has a
pretty interesting note saying what
you're seeing and what President Trump
has threatened with 50% tariffs on
copper that actually may benefit some of
these Chinese smelters because you could
be seeing a redirection of some of these
copper flows uh away from the US to
China possibly, right? So, that's one
thing to watch. China developers are
doing this, you know, yes, last Friday,
we saw a bit of a drop off there. There
you go. We're up once again some of
these names and your Bloomberg
Intelligence China Developers Index is
up. There's a lot of talk. Even Goldman
Sachs is writing a new note about what
sort of stimulus we could see in the
property sector. Greenland Holdings is
up some 10% right now. But Goldman is
saying look any upcoming China property
support likely incremental maybe not so
much large scale. Yeah. Let's uh get
more on the broader market outlook now
bringing our executive editor for Asia
Markets Paul Dobson joining us. So
really great to have you in studio this
morning. I think when we take a look at
how markets have been trading over the
past few weeks, it really is that
expectation around the taco trade and
that these tariffs won't actually
materialize. H is that really the way
that investors want to be thinking about
that? And second to it, just how much
are we underpricing also this risk
around a potential dismissal of JPAL? I
mean, there just seems like there's few
major risk events that maybe are being
underappreciated.
>> Yeah, the market definitely seems to
have that sort of sheen of invincibility
about it at the moment. Uh and we are
starting to see that fray just a little
bit. I think Annabelle, you know, what
we saw at the end of last week was just
a little bit of nervous tension creeping
back into things. You know, we heard
warnings from the likes of Jamie Diamond
saying markets too complacent here. You
know, these trade risks could still kind
of escalate again. Uh and then we had on
top of that, as you mentioned, the
pressure on Jerome Pal, which could, you
know, really provide some pretty uh
extreme moves in markets judging by what
economists are saying. uh if he were
deposed, you know, that brings into
question uh the very credibility of the
US central bank. So there are risks
hanging out there. I think at the end of
last week, we saw a little bit of a
combination. We saw stocks coming off
admittedly record highs. We saw the
strongest week for the dollar since
February. We saw junk bond spreads
widening quite aggressively as well. And
the emerging markets came under pressure
across the board, particularly in Latin
America. So there are little bits of
signs of people getting a little bit
more nervous. And we're seeing that
feeding through into the early morning
action today. How important is this US
CPI print this week? Is is it you know
it seems like it's going to set the tone
for the direction of the Fed and really
how treasuries are going to perform the
rest of the year.
>> Yeah. So is it's interesting because uh
the September seemed nailed on as uh the
first time that the Fed's going to start
cutting again for so long and people are
just starting to question that a little
bit now. You know, maybe pushing back
those bets even further. So uh it' be
really interesting to see the CPI how
much of an immediate tariff impact we
get. And we were starting to hear stuff
from the Fed speakers at the end of last
week talking about, you know, maybe it's
going to be a whole year of sort of feed
through of the tariff impact, drips and
drabs. Maybe uh the US um you know, kind
of retailers are going to start sharing
those costs a little bit with uh the
exporters and so maybe that balances out
and doesn't make such a big splash in
terms of US inflation numbers. So people
will be watching that pretty carefully
to see what what sort of a takeaway they
can they can put on it. And what are
people also going to be watching from
the China figures because we've got the
trade ones out for instance later this
morning. How much weight are people
going to be putting on those given
you've got just broadly expectations for
that big deterioration in the second
half?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, ch
China at least is in the clear as far as
the tariffs go kind of has a little bit
of a breathing space that the rest of
the world doesn't have. And I think
that's probably why you're seeing gauges
here a little bit more more balanced at
the start of trading today. Uh people
are going to pick through all of that
data. So far things look good because we
had the big front-loading of the exports
in the first half uh to beat the tariff
deadlines and now uh we'll see whether
the economy can remain resilient and
whether they can do something to to
tackle this kind of uh you know
disinflationary mindset that still seems
to be dogging everything at the moment.
>> Paul, it's great to have you here in
Hong Kong. Paul Dobson here, our
executive editor for Asia Markets. Uh
there's also a term that we've been kind
of talking about in our newsroom here
this morning. Well, um maybe yeah, last
week as well and it's recently emerged
as sort of a catchphrase. You take a
look at how searches are about this
whole term anti-involution and that
basically has shot up
>> on on people trying to decode the policy
intentions around the mainland and
really navigating the stock market right
now. And it has appeared in government
documents over the past year and has
started to gain prominence when
President Xi chaired that high level
meeting this month that pledged to
regulate price competition. For more on
this, let's bring in our Asia equities
reporter Winnie Shu. She's with us to
really define first of all define what
involution really means. This whole
concept of nen.
>> Yeah, exactly. So like you mentioned in
Chinese it says nin and nay literally
means in words and mean means um
rolling. So it's describing this inward
kind of fierce competition um that
really is not getting too much of a
significant output or significant
impact. So um that price competition
we've been talking about like you know
across in EVs and um the food delivery
sector. So that's that's in general what
we're seeing in the Chinese market that
there's just this ongoing price
competition going on. But this idea of
kind of solving the involution issue of
this fierce price competition has been
on the government's agenda in the past
year. So being lots of talks being
discussed but um it really is this um
meeting earlier in the month where we've
got uh President Xi to come in to say
that we have to uh curb this kind of uh
disorderly competition going on that
really gained investors attention
>> and so you're seeing markets that have
been rising off the expectation that
China really will be able to tackle
what's a very complex uh problem. So
what's been the response to that and how
patient I guess trade is going to be as
well given it could take a while to to
essentially solve.
>> Yeah. So like you said there is some
initial excitement that we're seeing. We
can see that and reflected in the
markets that the CSI 300 um onshore
market has outperformed um HSCI in the
past month and that is you know we've
got lots of industrial names um on the
onore market. So expectation for that to
really boost the stocks um the solar
stocks the um steel stocks that has kind
of pushed that sector uh that has pushed
that gauge to really outperform HSCI um
that has that was actually doing a lot
better earlier in the year when we had
the optimism around deep seek. So that
reversal is really interesting that
we're we're seeing right now. However,
it seems like it's still on the more
tactical side of things right now
because the longer term money and the
fund managers are really still taking a
step back to see um if this policy we're
going to see more details and if we're
going to see u more data and the data
that they wanted to see is if the prices
are actually going to stabilize um
whether it's the news that we've got
today around how coal prices have
started to rise. So as we see the these
data to start to trickle in that might
help investors to gain more confidence
that this policy this time around is a
little bit more different than what we
saw in back in 2015.
>> All right. Uh let's uh let's leave it
there with you Winnie. That was our that
was our Asia equities reporter Winnie
Shu rather. Let's get more on on the
difference maybe of what we see today
versus going back to 2015 and and is
this going to be an easier moment for
for China to essentially tackle this
excessive competition across a range of
different industries. Let's get more
with our opinion columnist Shirley Ren
who thinks that these price wars are far
more dangerous than US tariffs. So
surely exactly to that point that that
Winnie was just referencing there back
in 2015. President Xi was was able to to
to make some improvements and and PPI
inflation did turn positive.
Is it going to be quite as easy this
time around? It will be a lot harder. To
to President Xi's credit, he did pretty
good job. After the uh late uh 2015
supply side reform, China's PPI
inflation went into the political
territory within half a year, right? he
cut the production on the steel and coal
sectors. But this this time around what
we are seeing are the more consumerf
facing sectors like uh EV industry right
and the problem with these sectors from
solar EV to commerce they are largely
privately held enterprises they are not
the S so SOE coal and steel producers uh
President Xi cannot tell you tell them
okay you cut production and they stop
production it's not going to work that
way the the government has to try harder
coercing and coaxing private enterprises
to cut their capacity
Another problem is um is the local
government incentives. I mean if we look
at the EV sector, the reason why there
are so many of them flourishing, right?
Even China has about 60 uh car
producers, even though half of them are
subscale, they should have exited a long
time ago. A a big reason is because
local governments, they have been acting
as venture capitalists, giving companies
money and that the companies in turn
promising to open factories in their
local regions. The HU model is very
famous. Hu uh the the city of uh Huf
they actually uh invested hugely into
NEO at the beginning of the pandemic and
NEO is still around and they are
producing 200,000 cars a year uh at the
100,000 UN uh each car loss you know and
a third problem is stimulus even the
2015 supply side reform uh the the
Chinese government did a huge housing
boost they did the so-cal shanty town
redevelopment program the PBOC pumped
three trillion yen cheap loans into the
Chinese economy into the housing sector
and that is the main reason why China
came out of recession the the deflation.
So the question is whether the Chinese
government has the stomach to do another
stimulus. I mean 10 years on the Chinese
economy is so much bigger right 3
trillion is going to be nothing.
>> We're seeing this across as you say
multiple sectors right I think food
delivery is probably one of the most
painful here right now. Are there ways
to tackle this on the demand side? I
think uh they just have to make people
feel wealthier, right? The housing
market has been in the dump. Let's put
it mildly. And a lot of middle class,
they don't feel that wealthy. So, the
government has to uh put in more
stimulus. They have tried a lot of
things like giving out the consumption
coupons, you know, uh like uh the the
the trading programs. These are just
short-term boosts, but the people's
confidence is still not there. So they
have to do something like they have to
bring the big gun out.
>> All right. Well, thanks. We'll wait to
see what those big guns are, but
certainly I guess we're going to have
these these trade figures. We're going
to get a lot of data this week that's
also going to really just tell us is
there that need for further stimulus,
but so far the expectation is maybe not
something big bang just just yet.
>> Well, the data hasn't turned sour yet,
right? That's that's the big thing as
well. But um as as Shulie mentioned,
right, we have to focus on what's
happening domestically more so than
external threats out there. Thanks to
Shulie Ran, our Bloomberg opinion
columnist on this whole anti-involution
sort of story that seems to be evolving
uh every day. And there's more about
price wars coming up as well. I'm going
to have a few minutes to talk about the
equity impact. What does this mean? UPS
global wealth management Eve Lee is
going to join us to talk about their
latest outlook when it comes to Chinese
equities. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some of the stories we're tracking for
you this morning. Iran's foreign
minister says the US is trying to
restart nuclear talks but stressed his
country is in no hurry to engage. Abbas
Arachi said in televised remarks that
Iran had received multiple messages and
is weighing options. And he added that
Iran needs guarantees it won't be
attacked again if the talks don't
succeed. Meanwhile, Arachi will be
visiting China on Monday for the
Shanghai Cooperation Organization
Summit. Nvidia CEO Jensen Fong says the
US government doesn't need to be
concerned about the Chinese military
using US technology to improve their
capabilities. Hong told CNN that China
will avoid the technology because it can
be relied upon and may be limited at any
time. Chinese military adoption is one
of the key concerns Washington has
raised in putting increasing
restrictions on tech exports to the
rival.
Well, Australia's Prime Minister Anthony
Albanzi heads to Beijing today, saying
he wants deeper cooperation with China
and sustained bilateral relations. For
more, let's bring in our economy
reporter Swatty Pandy in Sydney. And
Swatty, so far, of course, Alani kicked
off this trip on Saturday to to China.
So, we've we've heard from him in
Shanghai, but what's what's been the
tone of the discussion so far? And then
what does he also take to the capital?
>> Uh, hi. So the tone is actually very
friendly. Albanesei is in China to boost
economic and trade relationships with
China. Remember China is our top trading
partner. Takes up about a quarter of
Australian exports and uh the major
reason why Albanese is doing this trip
is to further boost those ties, deepen
the economic relationship. And uh
Albanesei did a press conference on the
weekend on Sunday when where he launched
Ruby the Ru which is uh which is our
tourism icon. It was part of a launch of
of uh Australian tourism. So that is all
part of what Albanesei is doing in um in
Shanghai and today he's heading to
Beijing and then he'll go to Changdu. Uh
all these places have a Australian
consular offices as well.
Uh it seems like I mean there there has
been some critics right that that have
said that you know uh he's he's visited
Chinese Xi Jinping before he met with
Donald Trump. I mean where does it tell
you of where this relationship is going?
Because I think as we speak we're
hearing about some potential deals. BHP
signing someus with the likes of CL BYD
on battery tech and electrification here
right now.
>> Yes, that's right. I mean it was not by
design really that Albanesei is meeting
with Xi Jinping first. He did want to
meet with Donald Trump before he met
with uh his with China's Xinping. Uh and
they did have a meeting scheduled uh but
uh in the event of the Iran Israel war
Trump had to cancel the meeting with uh
Albanesei at the G7 in Canada. uh and as
a result it just so happened that
Albanesei is now meeting with Xinping
first before he's met with Trump. Uh but
that was surely not by design. Uh it it
definitely does also go to show goes to
show that uh Australia's relationship
with China from an economic standpoint
is really important but at the same time
US is our number one strategic ally and
so Australia is in the situation where
it is have to walk this really tough
tight uh tightroppe uh walk which is
which is really hard uh because it's
it's kind of stuck between choosing one
side when it doesn't really want to
choose.
>> All right, Penny Saudi, thank you. Si
Penny there joining us out of Sydney on
of course the prime minister's trip to
Shanghai and heading to Beijing next.
Well, coming up, we're going to have
more on the Australian prime minister's
trip to China. Later on the show, we get
analysis from the head of Australia,
China Relations Institute at the
University of Technology, Sydney. That's
in the next hour. Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
The European Commission says any
escalation of trade disputes should be
avoided while calling for a level
playing field. The competition chief
Theresa Rivera spoke to us earlier.
Trade provides prosperity and I think it
is a good thing and in general terms the
global value chains are so obviously
important for anyone that we should
avoid any type of uh trade escalation
trade war among the different countries
between the different geographies. But
of course we need to ensure a level
playing field. We cannot
keep our very open economy in Europe in
such a context that there may be many
people willing to be part of our single
market but that may not be working with
the same uh rules the same approach or
to reflect the right prices according to
the real cost. So I think it is good to
explore with the rest of the world how
we can work together and it is good to
try to avoid this escalation with the
United States. China is a great country.
Of course we need to be sure that
investments flows are fair and that we
do not harm each other.
>> When it comes to fair trade, what sort
of message have you given to Beijing
when it comes to over capacity not only
on clean technology sectors but also of
course on rare earth exports?
There are two things that you are
mentioning in your question. One of them
is yes we need to ensure that the over
capacity the production beyond what it
may mean uh the domestic demand could
overflow over markets that could be
pretty harmful for those that also
produce in other geographies. So we need
to be responsible and this formal
informal conversations between the
different governments is going to be
key. Then there is another issue that
you're raising in your question. What
about the availability of rare earth's
raw materials that may be critical for
the new economy both in terms of
renewable energy solutions or in terms
of the digital transformation of our
economies and it should not be a
bottleneck killing the possibility of
prosperity all over the world. So that
is another bullet where we will still
need to talk to this to avoid harm. When
it comes to competition itself, given
Washington's tariff threat of 30% by
August 1st, is that going to hurt the
Europe's uh Europe's ability to compete
in global markets in the United States?
What are your expectations of what that
could do to trade flows?
>> I think it is very bad news. I cannot
understand how any country can think
that getting isolated from the rest of
the world is a good thing for its
economy. to what extent uh fixing the
way they want to produce, sell and cut
the ties with other providers, suppliers
all over the world is not good news for
anyone. So I think that it is not good
for Europe. It is not good for the
United States. It's not good for anyone
in the world because the size of the
American economy is so important that it
would have an impact of course. But it
is also truth that uh it represents more
or less 17% of world trade. So we need
to pay attention to prepare to be sure
to the extent possible that this does
not come a reality. that if it finally
pitifully becomes a reality, we need to
keep on working to build resilience and
to build partnerships with the other
partners, the other allies in the world.
That was the European Commission
competition chief Theresa Rivera
speaking to Bloomberg Sheram. We'll have
much more ahead. You're watching the
China show and this is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 just a half hour
into the sessions. A beautiful day out
in Shanghai here on this Monday morning.
Souths are doing relatively speaking
overall well compared to the rest of the
region here today. Obviously the
headline news recently has been uh Trump
threatening these 30% tariffs on the EU
and Mexico which has led to stocks to
wobble just a little bit but onshore is
looking pretty solid here. We're still
waiting the trade data out of China and
of course tomorrow that data dump as
well. Yeah, going to be a really big
start to the week just to really get a
sense check on how is China's economy
fairing and how much should it really
hold up in the first half when you've
got those expectations that we're going
to see that deterioration in the second
half uh when we get more clarity around
the direction for tariffs. But this is
the the broader picture today in the
session and you can see here that stocks
are trending fairly flat right now. US
futures a little bit under pressure and
we're seeing gold really actually kind
of bit I mean up three ten of 1% but
certainly it is maybe that kind of haven
appeal as well uh given that you've got
President Trump as you said threatening
these further tariffs on the EU also in
Mexico and that question the taco trade
is it alive and well or or not exactly
>> yeah you got to wonder why markets
continue to brush it off right is the
fact that you know there there's more so
not thinking that these are just
negotiation tactics and that he is going
to back off but you know some say some
saying though you cannot rule that out
either uh at right now as you approach
closer to these deadlines and certainly
you know the data in China as you say
has held up so is the US but we're also
waiting and be cautious about when that
data starts to shower right but even
when it comes to you know this week
alone it's not just a data dump right
that US CPI print might be quite telling
for risk assets moving forward
especially the bond market given the
solid performance we saw in the first
half based on these Fed price cuts but
now things have recalibrated a little
bit now that we have had those jobs
reports have been pretty solid as well.
And so this inflation print is really
going to dictate where the direction of
the Fed's going to be and where these
bond markets go.
>> Yeah, absolutely. I mean, if you get
that hotter print, then it sort of
pushes back those expectations around
Fed easing and and I think what was
interesting is that yes, you had the the
pricing around the September meeting.
Does that get pushed out and how much
further does it get pushed out as well?
But just to mention, uh we have actually
just had the year-to- date figures
coming through for the China trade
figures. And what we're seeing so far is
that exports have risen just more than
just over 7% on the year. And China as
well saying that the domestic demand has
expanded and also stimulated imports. So
that's the preliminary figures that
we're getting here. Of course, we're
waiting for for the the monthly figures
and also for the yuan terms, the dollar
terms as well. But that's just year-to-
date so far. You can see that rise in
exports kind of unsurprising given you
had that dong and that that that truce
that was signed allowing exports to to
restart as well.
>> Yeah. So, I think that 90-day window
certainly may be helping these numbers
as well. But yes, we have to get the
month-to-month ones to really kind of
see how things look for June
specifically here right now. But you
mentioned about the Fed, right? The
whole divide that we're seeing among
FOMC officials is the impact of
inflation from tariffs, right? And if we
see the CPI print stronger, that could
set a whole a whole lot of discussion of
what really goes on. Um, and then
there's a whole possibility, you know,
why has the dollar turned negative
continuously? We've seen it come off
slightly just given some of the riskoff
moves that we're seeing. But then again,
is it really about rate levels and rate
differentials? I don't think so anymore.
There's a lot more possibility now of
people pricing in the the potential for
the FOMC to bow to political pressure
and a lot of chatter about J. Powell's
future as well. Yeah, this is actually a
really interesting talking point and one
that's certainly not going to go any
away anytime soon, but we actually had
an interview with Deutsche Bank on this
and saying that that this is really
maybe the wild card, this potential
dismissal. What are the sorts of avenues
that that President Trump could take as
well to continue to heat pressure on J
Pal to consider stepping down and the
latest one for instance is is the
renovation costs and and how those are
perhaps growing more than expected or
more than initially anticipated. This is
what we heard here uh from Deutsche Bank
saying that that essentially this would
have major ramifications because you've
got the Fed and and the dollar as well
sitting at the top of the whole monetary
system.
>> They're kind of projecting if in fact
this happens, right? If right, but
they're saying a sell off in the dollar,
sell off in treasuries, right? 3 to 4%
drop in the green back 30 to 40 basis
points in terms of fixed income selloff
and that you would put a sort of a price
premium on these two assets very closely
moving forward just given this whole
questions of central bank independence
and the like.
>> Yeah. All right. Let's get to one of our
top stories as well this morning because
of course President Trump is saying that
the European Union is talking to the US
on trade and that comes after he
unleashed his latest tariff ultimatums
threatening a 30% rate for the block and
also Mexico from August 1st. if they
can't negotiate better terms.
>> So the European Union is talking to us.
They want to open up their country. Uh I
would say Japan to a much lesser extent
in terms of opening up their country.
South Korea wants to make a deal other
than tariffs. Right now, as you know,
they're paying a substantial tariff, but
they want to make a difference. So some
of these deals, maybe I'll change them
and maybe I won't.
>> Let's bring in our chief North Asia
correspondent, Steven Angel. And Steve,
I think I think a lot of people are on
the same page. Whether you're a
negotiator or whether you're a trader,
you're still trying to figure out how
serious is President Trump about these
tariffs.
>> But he seems like he is losing a bit of
patience now too.
>> He is. And that's why he's kind of said,
well, now this is the firm deadline,
August 1st. I'm not going to go beyond
that. But we've heard that a similar
vein as well before. And he said he'd
wanted 90 deals in 90 days. He's got
what, one or two? And a truce with
China. Uh so over the next 18 days Asia
time is uh for that August 1st deadline.
Can he get 88 deals in 18 days? We all
know that negotiations heat up and come
to fruition the closer you get to the
deadline, but that's a lot to accomplish
in that amount of time. EU uh there's
been waning and waxing confidence in
some sort of deal uh from the European
Union as well as from Donald Trump.
Right now, we're hearing, of course, the
EU is not putting all its chips in the
pot for making a deal. They are stepping
up engagement with other countries hit
by Trump's tariffs, like Canada, like
Japan, but they're also, you know,
playing poker in the sense that they're
extending the suspension of their trade
counter measures against the US until
August 1st. And there's a basket of
these things, $24.5 billion worth of US
goods that could be hit uh in the
current countermeasures which are
suspended. And we're hearing as well
that there's a second batch of counter
measures that are going to be put forth
to EU members uh as soon as today
totaling about $84 billion. Again, there
sticking points on automobiles. There's
sticking points on agriculture. The EU
wants no higher than 10% tariffs uh for
its a products to the United States.
They're far apart right now because
Trump is saying 30% across the board and
that's not including the sectoral
tariffs of course on pharmaceuticals, on
steel, on aluminum and the like. So 20%
was the April 1st or April 2nd tariff.
Uh they brought it down baseline 10. He
threatened 50 because he got frustrated.
Now it's down to 30. So we don't know
what it's going to be.
>> What do we know about India and South
Korea right now?
>> Yeah, I'll just mention Mexico. I forgot
about me. They also got 30%, right? Uh
there seems to be some progress but
again it's the same narrative progress
one step forward one step back or two
steps back. He did write a letter to
President Shinbal saying uh there's been
progress on the fentanyl border issue
but not enough. So again we'll have to
wait and see. That's in the wait and see
category. uh India also wait and see
because they're hoping to get some sort
of interim deal and then they can deal
with the nitty-gritty uh with a once you
have a framework and an interim deal
then you can go down and do the um
negotiation on the individual issues
like US genetically modified crops
non-tariff barriers on agriculture as
well pharmaceuticals a number of
different issues there um again I I
wouldn't be betting all my chips on that
one right now they got 26% rate
initially uh they're looking to land a
rate below low 20%. South Korea trade
minister just back from Washington
meeting with Jameson Greer the US trade
representatives and also of course
Howard Lutnik the commerce secretary
there's confidence there saying we are
reaching a landing zone swiftly on some
sort of deal possibly uh talks have
entered a critical phase again it's in
the wait and see basket
>> Steve thank you Stephen Engel our chief
north Asia correspondent there and
meanwhile US secretary of state Marco
Rubio says a summit between presidents
Trump and she is likely after The top
diplomats from the two countries met in
Malaysia.
>> The odds are high. I think both sides
want to see it happen. Obviously, we
have to build uh the right atmosphere
and the right deliverables so that a
visit isn't just a visit, but it
actually has some takeaways from it that
are concrete. But there's a strong
desire on both sides to do it. The
president wants to do it. Uh the Chinese
side wants to see it happen. President G
said that publicly. So, I think the odds
are high. I don't have a date for you,
but I think it's coming. It'll happen.
All right, that's what came over the
weekend. We're taking you to live
pictures now out of Beijing and what
we're hearing from this uh Bureau of
Statistics briefing here as we wait this
trade data for June. Right. So, we got
the year-to- date numbers which did see
some decent growth here of 7% in yen
terms from June to January to June
exports I should say. And what they're
saying right now is China needs to work
hard to maintain trade growth in the
second half. the trade China trade
resisted pressure and showed dynamism in
the first half. Those words coming
through from the vice minister of China
customs there at this briefing. So, uh,
talking a little bit more about how, you
know, resilient these numbers have been
and it really has to do with, I'm
guessing, frontloading really. Yeah,
that's certainly been sort of the big
sticking point or the question really
because we had the initial truce that
was signed by the US and and China in
Geneva and so that opened the window for
exports and then we've been benefiting
from that or the Chinese economy is
better been benefiting from that but of
course as we said awaiting uh these key
trade figures as we hear from the vice
minister of the China customs saying
that trade has resisted the pressure and
shown some dynamism but let's get more
with our China correspondent Min Lo. So
talk to us about how important these
trade figures are going to be today and
also just the sheer amount of data we're
expecting from China between today and
tomorrow.
>> Yeah, I think our team is now crunching
the number to figure out what the June
number is. But year to date, you're
looking at 7.2% increase in exports. And
you, as you said, you see that big
dichotomy between the export numbers and
the import numbers, right? It's negative
-2.7 for imports. It really shows you
that despite what the officials were
saying about how domestic demand is
expanding and bolstering import numbers,
it's still pretty weak really. If you
look at that number and the exports
really boasted by the trade crews, the
front loing of of shipments. Economists
have been telling us that we really have
to prepared for a potential you know
fall off in demand for exports in the
second half of the year. And of course,
we are still waiting for the mid August
deadline when the temporary cruise will
expire. And some economists believe it's
still a possibility that maybe the
tariff levels could still increase in
the later half of this year. So there's
still a lot of uncertainty there and a
lot still needs to be done to really
boost um especially domestic demand as a
potential cushion against uh the the
decline in trade numbers. You just came
back from KL in this Azan foreign
ministers meeting and it seems like now
there might be some sort of talk or or
negotiations between or at least a chat
between presidents she and Trump. What
do we hear?
>> Yeah. Yeah. So um I was there and I
remember when Wangi came out of that
meeting. He was very tight lipped again
didn't want to share any further
information. It was from Marco Rubio
that we heard that maybe this uh meeting
could lead to or could lay the
groundwork for that Trump meeting
sometime. He refused to put a date on
that and still it's still very uncertain
right because you heard Rubio there
saying that they are working towards you
know building the right atmosphere
having some you know concrete
deliverables that they will be able to
work towards when they time that meeting
and again if you took talk about
concrete deliverables one of the biggest
sticking points now is in regard to
trade and that's where Marco Rubio
actually doesn't have a lot of power we
know that Scott Basset and Howard Lutnik
they'll be kicking off this second round
of trade discussions sometime in early
August ahead of that deadline in mid
August for the temporary expiry of that
truce. Um so it really depends on how
that goes. Whether that will you know
derail a potential meeting is still the
question.
>> Right. That was our China correspondent
there Mim Lo for us. And just taking you
back as well to those live pictures
we've got this morning given we are
awaiting these trade figures to be
released. But what we're hearing so far
uh from the vice minister of the China
customs team Wong is saying that the
trade figures or what we see in terms of
the trade numbers certainly resisting
the pressure showing some dynamism in
the first half but we are awaiting these
figures and we will possibly see uh the
impact of frontloading in in in the last
3 months or so.
All right, we'll leave that there but we
will say what we're getting to next
which is of course a deeper dive into
the economic picture. Also, what's
becoming a really big sticking point in
the Chinese economy right now, the
anti-involution trend. Uh, coming up
next on the China show, we've got UBS,
Global Wealth Management, talking about
their outlook for Chinese stocks and why
they're f why they're favoring tech
shares in particular here in Hong Kong.
We'll have more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
But you could say, you know, it's it's a
kind of a catch 22 is that the market's
not panicking, then it may embolden
Trump administration to do something or
but our view is that, you know, we
already know enough about the tariff
framework. You know 10% is the minimum.
China is the ceiling. China plus one
trans shipping is in the middle. Right?
Then what about EU? Okay, there is a
question mark. But we all know that at
the end of the day EU is also very big
economic block. Very important for the
for the US economy. It cannot get too
worse.
way out there, head of research and
chief economist for APAC at SOGN
speaking to us earlier about why we are
seeing markets kind of continue to brush
off these concerns of terror threats and
the like which we seem to be getting on
a daily basis here. Your channel market
check is looking like this here right
now looking pretty good against the
backdrop of what has been some pretty
shaky stocks in particular what you're
seeing in Japan for example here but you
are seeing some standouts uh in the
Hangen CSI 300 despite these tariff
threats from President Trump as well.
The costly pretty flat this morning as
well. Let's bring in Eva Lee, head of
Greater China Equities at UBS Global
Wealth Management, Chief Investment
Office.
>> It it seems like Chinese markets have
been doing doing quite well this year
despite all these terror threats.
>> Yes.
>> Is it complacency or do you think
something like this is sustainable?
>> Uh well, I think first we need to
understand what is doing well. All
right, retainment um the tech space
right lip seek movement definitely have
driven more invested interest onto the
space apart from it are the youth sector
like utilities banks those that give you
like uh used to be eight or nine
percentage in yield and now it's like
sixish comparing to the China government
yield less than I think oneish or maybe
lower so that actually have drawn
investor the interest to the space. So,
but if you we sort of looking at the
underlying economy, yes, the uh tariff
truths have extended the sort of rush of
export order, the taco trade that people
been more a little bit more complacent
what will happen to tariff. So, all
these have helped the overall first half
um 2025 performance.
But moving into the second half then
what's your expectation? It doesn't
sound quite as optimistic or at least a
lot more selective.
>> Well, I think if we uh look at you know
what people talk about tariff now we
have more of this sort of August pre
August 1 some of the tariff coming
through looks like um market expectation
it's except China 10 to 15 China 35 to
40. So this is sort of expectation. If
it is worse than that or if they play
some tricks about trans shshipment like
what they have done in Vietnam that
would affect China as well. What would
they do with Mexico transment you know
all these other places targeting China
that will also be a swing factor. Apart
from that um third quarter fourth
quarter for sure in terms of GDP growth
rate we have a easier base with from
last year. So shouldn't be that bad. may
not be over 5% but overall I think
definitely better than what expectation
is uh at the beginning of this year.
>> Uh there's a lot of talk domestically
about what's going on fierce competition
involution and the like.
>> Yes.
>> Do you see these price wars being more
dangerous than what we're seeing
externally in tariffs right now in
China?
>> It the the weakness in PPI the CPI like
the the deflation impact even before the
tariff has been an issue. Remember last
year we had that sort of negative figure
>> now with for sure it would affect some
of the export some of the orders cannot
ship to the US right so these will stay
in China or maybe they will sell it to
Asia but that deflationary impact for
sure is one of the key concern amongst
Chinese leader that's why they started
off with these sort of I mean they
describe it as supply reform onto steel
onto um the solar are you know on
specific sector they know that supply is
already ample but the difference now
versus 2016 when they remember they was
quite successful in supply reform this
round it's a lot more challenging
because the supply sources is a lot more
fragmented so in order to really I mean
of course they already started to slow
down the supply cut that cut this but
whether that will be eventually
reflected into inflation
>> or stopping the deflation. I think it's
not as easy as it is.
>> Yeah. I wonder because you've got that
preference for tech, but I also take a
look at the performance of of tech
stocks and if you look at the gauge,
it's sort of relatively flat over the
past few months, but some certain
selective stocks are really feeling the
pinch and that's like Alibaba for
instance or JD or MTON that are really
engaged in that big price war. Does that
actually end up having a bearing then on
your on your preference for this sector?
Um for sure I think this is actually uh
why we actually when we shift stop we
shift from the e-commerce space to the
entertainment portal like you know I
don't want to name the stuff but you
know what I mean right the fact is we
have gone to I mean people worry because
remember that was is this 2020 they have
done some sort of competition before and
that the margins have pressure I think
this will be similar that they will feel
the margin pressure as reflected in
second quarter results. results no doubt
the stock corrections were quite quick
too. So when we sort of looking at the
leading portals they already sort of
back to pre-deep seat level. So whether
I think now it's where the catalyst will
be to revive the momentum. I think AI or
the cloud computing had been one of the
weak point remember at first quarter
result a select companies doesn't give
you very nice cloud revenue growth. So
if there is any sort of potential
possible momentum there as reported in
second quarter result or if the provider
of AI chip now I think he's going to
China he has a moderations of sort of
new chip that will potentially help to
alleviate people concern about chip
supply that could be potential positive
catalyst for the sector.
>> Okay so maybe some potential supply side
reforms. What can I expect for property?
There's a lot of speculation we're going
to see some property stimulus.
>> Yes. Well, the reasons why people
speculate that because um the June
sales, the July um the first two weeks
of sales were really weak. Um and again,
yes, I think there is a potential even
if it is not this week, even by the end
of July proto meeting, there could be
some um more measure. But again, what we
describe it, it's not the type of
measure.
>> Yeah. is unlikely to be national
government coming through and say I'm
going to buy all the vacant supply. It's
not like that. So i.e. this is still a
sector unlikely to performed on a
sustained basis.
>> What's the the the the thing that
investors really need to be watching out
for in the second half that maybe hasn't
been factoed in or priced in just yet.
>> Um again deflation. Um second of course
um the tariff actual impact particular
on the trans shshipment side. um
consumptions uh whether the consumption
sort of weaken because we have a very
nice uh May numbers.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> yeah, I think these these are the key
ones.
>> Where should I lean to A or H share
market for the rest of the year?
>> Um at the moment A actually better than
H because of the the like of the leading
product not doing well. But if you sort
of think about on overall second half
unless okay there are two unless there
is a major uh heat up of geopolitical
risk people will go back to Asia or else
I think H will still outperform a in
second half
>> okay and so do you think that premium
can still or the discount can still
narrow
>> well I mean select stocks of course it's
it's so narrow it will widen further but
on an overall basis yes
>> all right Eva thanks Thanks so much for
joining us this morning. That was Eva
Lee, the head of Greater China Equities
at UBS, Global Wealth Management, Chief
Investment Office. And just getting some
lines that are crossing the terminal now
this morning because we have Prime
Minister, Australian Prime Minister
Anthony Albanzy rather, who's on a
six-day trip to mainland China, visiting
Shanghai, Beijing, and Changdu. about
the lines that we're getting this
morning is that Anthony Albania is
saying that the China relationship is
very important for Australia and also
that Australia wants to see a stable and
secure region. You
>> got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, market check here and movers
this morning. watching Zujing Mining.
Those first half prelim numbers looking
pretty good. The stock is up one and a
half% here as well. Bloomberg
Intelligence saying, "Look, that this
earnings does set the stage for an
earnings upgrade potentially for the
smelter here." And we're watching very
closely these silver stocks in Asia. So,
those are all rising. The metal rises to
the highest since 2011. And we are
seeing some of these China stocks there
surging 7 to 89% here. Hunan silver, for
example, up close to 10%. We got plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break here
right now. And we are seeing a bit of
pressure when it comes to equities here
this morning. We're down about a third
of 1%. Asia Pacific is flat. You are
seeing some decent bids across in
Chinese markets. For example, the Cosby
is kind of doing relatively speaking a
little bit better against some of these
tariff headlines as well. 147 for dollar
yen, a bit of strength there for the
Japanese currency here this morning. And
yields ticking up higher by three basis
points on the 10-year. Taking a look
broader markets this morning, you've got
the the MCI Asia-Pacific index sitting
fairly flat today. US futures as well
under pressure and you have seen gold
being a bit big. What's driving that is
really President Trump vowing 30% duties
on the EU and also on Mexico come August
1 if they can't reach a trade deal in
the interim but certainly it is trade it
is these relationships between major
economies that's driving sentiment in
the session so far plus the eco figures
of course can't forget big week
>> yep and certainly that's one to watch
the data dump US CPI that's all on tap
here as well also that uh what we're
expected to hear of this trip uh in
China from the prime minister of
Australia, Anthony Albanes. In just the
last couple minutes, he did speak to
some reporters in Shanghai and really
highlighting how important that
relationship with China is. He called it
quote very important for Australia and
Australia wants to see stable and secure
as a stable and secure region. For more,
let's bring in our economy reporter
Swatty Pandy. She's been tracking of
course the prime minister's trip to the
mainland. Uh so far, you know, just talk
us through what's really in store for
Albany.
Yes, sir. Albanesei is on a six-day trip
to China. Started off with Shanghai.
Today, he's heading to Beijing and then
he goes to Changdu. All of these places
have consular offices and Australia is
really wanting to boost that economic
and trade relationship with China.
There's also a delegation of businesses
that's traveling with Albanesei. So we
have CEOs of um Fortisq, BHP Billetin,
Rio Tinto, some of Australia's biggest
iron orur companies and banks as well
and Albanese was giving a press
conference like you just mentioned uh uh
just a little while ago and uh the CEOs
were also present and they were talking
about decarbonization of steel uh and
boosting that green iron trade with
China. So the the conversation so far
has really been focused on trade. Uh
however uh Albanese's press conference
uh even yesterday and today has kind of
been overshadowed by questions around
security uh and and uh uh some reporting
from the US around which side should
Australia take in the event of a China's
chi Chinese war in Taiwan.
Yeah, just just get into the more
details on that one. It is a report from
the Financial Times and as we understand
it, the US is making a request or what
the Financial Times is reporting is that
the US is making a request of Australia
to essentially spell out how it would
respond rather in the event of kinetic
conflict with Taiwan. But how realistic
is that and how much is that going to be
overshadowing these meetings, important
meetings for Albaneseia over in China?
Yes, that's right. I mean, at least as
far as the press conferences are
concerned, questions from journalists
are almost entirely around this. Uh, it
it the timing of it is a bit unfortunate
for Anthony Albanesei and he has so far
been able to kind of dodge those
questions. He has repeatedly said that
China is an important uh partner for
Australia. The relationship with China
is important for Australia. uh at the
same time he's also saying that um that
that relationship with US is critical as
well. So it's that uh tight tight rope
walk that Australia has to do. Um the US
is asking it to choose anyone's side if
the reporting in FT is to be believed.
uh and it is increas in incre incredibly
difficult for Australia to choose that
side because uh China is our top trading
partner accounts for about a quarter of
Australia's exports and US is our top
strategic ally. So it's it's a difficult
one for Albanesei but uh so far he's
he's done well in avoiding those
questions or kind of responding in a way
uh which doesn't really give anything
away.
All right, that was Bloomberg Swatty
Panty there in Sydney. And let's bring
in James Lawrenson. He's director of the
Australia China Relations Institute at
the University of Technology, Sydney.
And and and and James Swatty was just
making the point that so far Anthony
Albanese has been able to sort of bat
away the these this reporting that was
from the Financial Times that that China
should really spell out how it planned
to to respond to any sort of Taiwan
conflict. How much is that going to
cloud this visit to China, do you think?
>> Oh, look, I think Anthony Albanesei is
very much staying on message and he's
got good reason to. You know, you've
really got to wonder um about the
Americans in this case. I mean, they've
waited until Anthony Albanes is on the
ground in Shanghai um to make this
request of Australia. Um and let's not
forget that this is a war that America
hasn't even committed to. Um, so I
wouldn't be surprised if there's some
annoyance in the prime minister's
traveling touring party as well.
>> Yeah, it certainly has made it a bit
more complicated. But how do you think
this this overall, you know, this trip
is going to evolve? Right. Obviously,
he's there to shore up economic ties
with the mainland. How does he balance
the security ties with the economic
ones?
>> Well, the Australia China relationship
has been on a fairly stable path for now
for more than three years now. Um
Anthony Albanese has made it clear that
economic ties are the priority of this
visit. Um he's also made it clear that
he continues to emphasize that China is
a major trading partner for Australia
and it's not just about the total. It's
whether you're talking minerals, fuels,
crops, livestock products, tourism,
education. Um China is Australia's
number one market across the board. Um
and so that will remain the prime
minister's focus.
What about the the relationship between
CRA and also Washington and and I guess
the way that that's developed since
President Trump took office? I mean, we
haven't even seen a meeting yet between
President Trump and Prime Minister
Anthony Albani. That sort of
unpredictability. Does it also change
the calculus for how Camera wants to
deal with Beijing?
>> Well, it certainly doesn't make CRA's
life any easier. But on the meeting, I
mean, let's not forget that just last
month, Prime Minister Alanzi flew
halfway around the world to the opposite
hemisphere to a G7 meeting in Canada
that Australia is not even part of the
G7, but he went there hoping to secure a
meeting with Trump. But it was Trump who
left early and left Anthony Albanzy
hanging and plenty of other world
leaders too. Um, and in the economic
space, I mean, Australia would love to
sell more goods and services, iron ore,
etc. to Washington or to America, but
America's just not interested in buying
them. And in fact, uh, they're making it
harder for Australian companies to sell
to America, putting up a 10% tariff on
all our exports. Now, that compares to a
1% tariff that China's put in place, um,
owing to the China Australia free trade
agreement.
>> Um, so
how will you classify this relationship
then? Right. You mentioned that, you
know, it it's friends, not foes, for
example. I mean it certainly is it seems
like they're putting Albanese in a
position that he has to choose between
two sides of whether it's the US or
China. How do you see this all playing
out James?
>> Well, Anthony Albanesei won't choose a
side and no other country in Asia will
choose a side either. I mean I describe
the relationship as quite constructive
and um cleareyed. Beijing and CRA aren't
under any illusions that they're
geopolitically aligned. Um but at the
same time they both recognize that
there's an awful lot of um shared
interests in this relationship and so
that's what they're putting the focus on
right now.
>> What about other issues though and and
ones that have of course irked a lot of
governments worldwide is this sort of no
limits agreement or the no limits
friendship that Beijing has with Moscow.
Is is that going to be coming up at all
do you think?
>> Oh look I I'm sure it will. There'll be
plenty of issues that will be coming up.
um you know, human rights, all these
sorts of issues. Australia has real
concerns about China in a whole lot of
domains, particularly in the human
rights and security domain. Uh but look,
that's not unusual. Um this has been a
challenging relationship for Australia
since diplomatic ties were struck more
than 50 years ago. Uh but the agreement
both sides have come to is that they'll
raise and recognize those differences
but they're not going they can handle
those differences calmly and
professionally and they're not going to
let those differences define the
entirety of the relationship.
>> James we leave it there but thank you
James Lawrenson there director at the
University of Technology Sydney
Australia China Relations Institute and
subscribers can watch us live and see
our past interviews in our interactive
TV function TV go. We can also dive into
any of the securities of Uber functions
that we talk about and become part of
the conversation. Send us in some
messages or questions for our guest
throughout the hours. Check it out at TV
go.
[Music]
Well, initial report on the Air India
flight that crashed last month says fuel
supply to both engines was switched off
a few seconds after takeoff. The Boeing
Dreamliner crash killed all but one of
the 242 people on board. Let's bring in
our India aviation reporter Mihir Mishra
joining us now from New Delhi with the
latest. So, Mihir, just tell us a bit
more about what this report tells us
about what happened in this crash.
>> Hi, good morning. Um you know what we
know for now is that you know the the
plane took off well. Uh it uh uh the
pilots were well rested. Uh everything
went as per as per the schedule. Um but
3 seconds into the flight uh there was a
case where both engine shutdown
happened. Now the both engine shutdown
happened because the fuel was cut. Now
uh the the the report does explain that
you know the one pilot did ask the other
that did you switch the switch off the
fuel uh the other pilot responded saying
that no he did not switch it off. So
there is confusion as to how was the
fuel switch switched off fuel switch
switched off. Now um the other thing
that the report says that the fuel
switch was reopened restarted or
switched on um the first switch was
switched on 10 seconds after the flight
and the second was switched off 14
seconds uh after it was switched off.
Now uh these are two uh then it goes on
to say that you know the rat was
deployed and the plane it was very
difficult for the plane to take off from
there uh and you know it ultimately
crashed. Uh there are so many unanswered
questions in the report. For instance,
uh why did it take 10 minutes and for 10
seconds and 14 seconds to switch off
switch on those fuel switches? Now, uh
that is something which is not explained
in the report yet. It doesn't share the
cockpit conversation on during that
crucial period between the two pilots as
to what happened between the two pilots.
What did they discuss during that during
that particular uh 10 seconds when the
fuel switch was off and the plane was uh
uh not able to lift off because there
was no power the engines were switched
off. Uh the other thing uh that it does
uh uh so so so these are the crucial
bits in the report for now but it does
uh create a lot of ambiguity in the
sense that it has not answered a lot of
questions in terms of what happened in
the cockpit during that crucial period
which is crucial to this investigation.
>> Yeah exactly on that point Mia where
does the investigation go from here and
and when would we expect the final
report as well?
Yeah. So the investigation u so under
the IKEA norms uh the preliminary report
should come uh within a month's time and
a final report should come within 12
months. Any delay beyond 12 months will
need uh the the country which is
investigating the case to go to IKO and
take an approval for an extension in
that 12 month period. So one thing is
certain that uh the the final report
should be out in 12 months. But what
does the report uh look at now? What
does the investigation look at now? Uh
post the preliminary report. Now uh the
investigation uh is progressing. Uh the
the team has uh transferred all the
evidence that they have uh received from
the Ahmedabad uh flight crash to New
Delhi. They are working on those
evidence. What they are also trying to
do the key focus of the investigation
from here would be on those switches.
Did those switch uh go off because one
pilot or the other switched it off or
did it go off because of some technical
problem of a detailed analysis of the
data from the aircraft and also of the
analysis of the cockpit voice of the
conversation that the pilots had during
that crucial period will give out some
sort of a sense as to what exactly
happened on that day with the aircraft
that led to its crash.
That was uh Bloomberg's India aviation
reporter Mi Mishra there in New Delhi
and we'll have plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Just some breaking news here this
morning around Jane Street and what
we're understanding is that they have
deposited 48.4
billion rupees. Uh this could be into an
escrow account in order to comply with
an order from the Indian securities
market regulator which the question
really is is this going to allow them to
resume trading. Jane Street saying
they've got no immediate plans to resume
options trading just yet. uh we know
that of course Jane Street has very much
been in the crosshairs of Indian
regulators or market regulators over in
India and there is this concern that
they had illegal and index manipulation
uh and made unlawful gains again that's
according to allegations from SEBI or
the India's securities and exchange
board but the latest on this is that
Jane Street has deposited 48.4 4 billion
rupees to comply uh with this
investigation. So certainly a very much
a developing story, one that could have
major ramifications for Indian market
operations as well. But let's shift now
take a look at the European Commission
because they're saying that any
escalation of trade disputes should be
avoided while calling for a level
playing field. The competition chief
Terresa Rivera spoke to us earlier.
Trade provides prosperity and I think it
is a good thing and in general terms the
global value chains are so obviously
important for anyone that we should
avoid any type of uh trade escalation
trade war among the different countries
between the different geographies. But
of course we need to ensure a level
playing field. We cannot uh keep our
very open economy in Europe in such a
context that there may be many people
willing to be part of our single market
but that may not be working with the
same uh rules the same approach or to
reflect the right prices according to
the real cost. So I think it is good to
explore with the rest of the world how
we can work together and it is good to
try to avoid this escalation with the
United States. China is a great country.
Of course we need to be sure that
investments flows are fair and that we
do not harm each other. When it comes to
fair trade, what sort of message have
you given to Beijing when it comes to
overcapacity not only on clean
technology sectors but also of course on
rare earth exports?
There are two things that you are
mentioning your question. One of them is
yes we need to ensure that the over
capacity the production beyond what it
may mean uh the domestic demand could
overflow over markets that could be
pretty harmful for those that also
produce in other geography. So we need
to be responsible and this formal
informal conversations between the
different governments is going to be
key. Then there is another issue that
you're raising in your question. What
about the availability of red earth's
raw materials that may be critical for
the new economy both in terms of
renewable energy solutions or in terms
of the digital transformation of our
economies and it should not be a
bottleneck killing the possibility of
prosperity all over the world. So that
is another bullet where we will still
need to talk to these to avoid harm.
When it comes to competition itself,
given Washington's tariff threat of 30%
by August 1st, is that going to hurt the
Europe's uh Europe's ability to compete
in global markets in the United States?
What are your expectations of what that
could do to trade flows?
>> I think it is very bad news. I cannot
understand how any country can think
that getting isolated from the rest of
the world is a good thing for its
economy. to what extent fixing the way
they want to produce, sell and cut the
ties with other providers, suppliers all
over the world is not good news for
anyone. So I think that it is not good
for Europe. It is not good for the
United States. It's not good for anyone
in the world because the size of the
American economy is so important that it
would have an impact of course. But it
is also truth that uh it represents more
or less 17% of world trade. So we need
to pay attention to prepare to be sure
to the extent possible that this does
not come a reality. that if it finally
pitifully becomes a reality, we need to
keep on working to build resilience and
to build partnerships with the other
partners, the other allies in the world.
>> And that was a European Commission
competition chief Theresa Rivera there
speaking to Sherry earlier on. Uh
switching gears here and there's been a
very interesting sort of I guess you
could say almost like a soap drama
that's unfolding there in a lawsuit uh
here in Hong Kong and a courtroom over
talking really about a $2 billion wealth
dispute at HJO Wajaha group that's one
of China's largest beverage empires
three people have come forward who claim
to be the half siblings of Kelly Jung
there who have been considered the only
child of the late billionaire Jongqingho
for more let's bring in Venus Fun she
has been tracking all development in
this court and what's happened so far
and and tell us why this case is so
special.
>> Hi. Yeah, I was at the courtroom last
Friday to see all those uh Asian
versions of secessions unfolding uh in
the courtrooms here. And uh yeah, so the
free plaintiff with the uh same surname
Zong of the uh entire founding families
of the Wajaha group said that the claim
that the the late father have some
written instructions one month before he
died about setting up uh to one of the
subordinates and the notes was about uh
setting up three trust each worth 700
million US dollars uh in Hong Kong for
them. But uh the trust hasn't really
finalized all all the paperworks and uh
and and it's and the father has already
passed away and so that's like the the
spilled come from uh so that's why they
uh now that the the assets uh has been
all this dispel in Hong Kong and they
are asking three uh requirements one is
to know uh more details of one accounts
in Hong Kong's HSBC and then that
accounts uh they said that are the funds
uh the trust money should come from and
that the second requirements are they
hope uh they found that there were$ 1.1
million US dollar has been transferred
out of that account so they hope some
explanations of their sister uh Cali
zone and who has taken over the Wajaha
empire since their father's passed away
last year and third would be like they
hope her they hope that the Hong Kong
judge would um stop her from diminishing
or or or doing more disposal from that
accounts.
>> So you're talking about three trusts and
each trust is $700 million. So combined
you're looking at more than $2 billion.
I mean how much does that actually dent
the overall family worth or family
fortune?
>> Exactly. That's a lot of money estates
and according to our Bloomberg
billionaires index uh the zone family
has a uh net worth or the family fortune
would be at least 3.3 billion. So this
like two billion trust disputes will be
like a big chunk of the family assets
and also uh with such a big money
floating around and at this bills it
could also uh have some influence of the
future uh company management or how the
the company's um image uh and whether it
will be impacting the sales and and and
their uh and their image the reputation
in the country will be estates.
All right, great reporting there. Really
fascinating stuff. That's Asia's
investing reporter there, Venus Fun. And
taking a look now at the China customs
officials holding a briefing. We've been
hearing from the vice minister of the
China customs team there. But
essentially about the outlook for for US
China trade. He's saying that is picking
up after the talks in London. We could
have seen that referenced in these
latest figures as well. Uh the the the
export figures essentially, but Wong
calling for cooperation and dialogue on
this relationship as well.
>> Right. Right, we heard from Rubio after
KL that there might be some sort of
summit between the presidents she and
Trump. Certainly had no details just
yet, but certainly they're hoping for
maybe more talks in the future. Coming
up next, we have Insight with Hassan
Amen.
[Music]